and again in this video I will teach you
how easy overclocker in the gp 350
optimum
as long as you have the resignation
we do not see or just any solar
that has cyanogenmod
good that is about the club the overclock
it's a way to emulate at speed
that runs the cell processor
and what this causes the cell phone to go
faster if there is any disadvantage
obviously
that can lower the life or performance of
his cell phone good to do this we
let's go to cyanogenmod settings
and here we can see several options like
applications screen interface entry
protector and down producer is
performance we 're going to adjustments of
performance will send us a message
that says attention threats outside is a
your customers who see the performance of the
possibly worse system and we give it
in accept to see block it we go
to cpu settings
and we're going to cpu minimum frequency
Here we can see that he offers us good
you can see well but it offers us 480
megahertz which is what is is
the default 600 600 52
until 2006 and decided not to
I recommend that they exceed 800
I really do not like to see it blocked
but I advise you to put it in 672
and they go to the maximum frequency and what
they put that in 691
and at the minimum frequency 672 gives us a
option that says activate the boot no
I recommend that you put it because
there will always be that frequency now
that if you want it to be more
fast you can increase it
a few you give me the branch
how can you do it good you go to tan
bmw stack bathroom what does this mean
it means virtual memory what it does
this is simply creating a folder
say when said megabytes of
size and aysén handle salman that the
cache of the applications that are in
working the only thing that we have to
to do is give battery changes
mv and put 48
in this way we select it in 48 and
we reset the phone and when
restart we can appreciate that it goes more
Quick
as well as we can use ram with which
What does he do
compress memory to increase the
virtual capacity
I do not recommend that you use it because
goes
to lower or increase my internet mode
phone but it will go down ram
in this way we can make
our phones fontaine order mod
go faster
well this would be all
until next time